# Poker_Hand_Ranker
This applicaiton takes a hand of five cards and determines its rank amongst ten different ranks, 1 being the highest.

Ranks are a follows:
1. Royal Flush
Same as a Straight Flush (below) but with Ace high. For example, heartA-heartK-heartQheartJheart10is a royal flush.
2. Straight Flush
Five cards of the same suit in sequence - such as clubJ-club10-club9-club8-club7. Optional: Anace can be counted as low, so heart5-heart4-heart3-heart2-heartA is a straight flush, but its topcard is the five, not the ace, so it is the lowest type of straight flush. The cards cannot "turn thecorner": diamond4-diamond3-diamond2-diamondA-diamondK is not valid.3. Four of a kindFour cards of the same rank - such as four queens. The fifth card can be anything. Thiscombination is sometimes known as "quads", and in some parts of Europe it is called a "poker",though this term for it is unknown in English.4. Full HouseThis consists of three cards of one rank and two cards of another rank - for example threesevens and two tens (colloquially known as "sevens full" or more specifically "sevens on tens").5. FlushFive cards of the same suit. For example, spadeK-spadeJ-spade9-spade3-spade2.6. StraightFive cards of mixed suits in sequence - for example spadeQ-diamondJ-heart10-spade9-club8.Optional: Ace can count high or low in a straight, but not both at once, so A-K-Q-J-10 and 5-4-3-2-A are valid straights, but 2-A-K-Q-J is not.7. Three of a KindThree cards of the same rank plus two other cards. This combination is also known as Triplets orTrips. Example 5-5-5-3-2.8. Two PairsA pair is two cards of equal rank. In a hand with two pairs, the two pairs are of different ranks(otherwise you would have four of a kind), and there is an odd card to make the hand up to fivecards. Example J-J-2-2-4.9. PairA hand with two cards of equal rank and three other cards which do not match these or eachother. Example 6-6-4-3-2.10. High CardFive cards which do not form any of the combinations listed above. Example: A-J-9-5-3.
